doc concerning loki usage with irsa (#176)
giantswarm/loki-app: README.md

}'
aws --profile="$AWS_PROFILE" iam create-policy --policy-name "$LOKI_POLICY" --policy-document "$POLICY_DOC"
```

#### Prepare AWS IAM role

> **Up to giantswarm v18**

Reviewer: Subsection title (`####`) and bold text (`**`) look quite the same.
![image](https://github.com/giantswarm/loki-app/assets/12008875/d585e7d1-5126-4b4f-9cef-af90e5d17ea6)

Maybe it would be better as a sub-subsection (`#####`)?

Author: Strange, on my local preview they don't look the same : 
![image](https://github.com/giantswarm/loki-app/assets/64951262/8ef25424-6da9-426f-b401-36e5d0a2489f)

> create a new IAM Role that allows the necessary instances (k8s masters in the case of using `kiam`) to access resources from the policy. Set trust to allow the Role used by `kiam` to claim the S3 access role. If you want to use AWS WebUI, copy/paste the contents of `POLICY_DOC` variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new IAM Role that allows the necessary instances (k8s masters in the case of using `kiam`) to access resources from the policy. Set trust to allow the Role used by `kiam` to claim the S3 access role. If you want to use AWS WebUI, copy/paste the contents of `POLICY_DOC` variable.
```

        }
    ]
}'
```

> From release v19.0.0, Giant Swarm clusters will use IRSA (Iam Roles for Service Accounts) to allow pods to access S3 buckets' resources. For more details concerning IRSA, you can refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) as well as to the [giant swarm one](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/iam-roles-for-service-accounts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with release v19.0.0, Giant Swarm clusters will use IRSA (Iam Roles for Service Accounts) to allow pods to access S3 buckets' resources. For more details concerning IRSA, you can refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) as well as to the [giant swarm one](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/iam-roles-for-service-accounts).
```

> This means that the role's `Trust Relationship` will be different that the one used for KIAM (cf above) :

Author: I don't know if that would be relevant as the `Trust relationship` I'm speaking about is really 4 lines above

> This means that the role's `Trust Relationship` will be different that the one used for KIAM (cf above) :

Reviewer 2: Yes I just saw that :D

kubectl annotate ns loki iam.amazonaws.com/permitted="$LOKI_ROLE_ARN"
```

#### Notes on specific configuration for clusters using Giant Swarm release >= v19.0.0 (i.e moving from KIAM to IRSA)

> From release v19.0.0, Giant Swarm clusters will use IRSA (Iam Roles for Service Accounts) to allow pods to access S3 buckets' resources. For more details concerning IRSA, you can refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html).

Reviewer: We could also have a link to our own doc for IRSA: https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/iam-roles-for-service-accounts
